Wife, today is your death day
Husband, what are you doing?
You are dead
The tens of billions of dollars of my neighbor's property is mine
I already have your child, go to hell
My best friend
I shared my fortune with my beloved husband
Make my surname Li
If I don't die
Will avenge this
Sanniang, I, Lin Mo, are back
The Lin family inherited it back
The Southern Province Family has issued a notice.
If tomorrow's Lingshi Group can't find an heir
About to be swallowed up
The Lin family has died out
Those immortals have no choice but me
Tomorrow, Lin's Group will be completely surnamed Chen
Worthy of the World Bank
It took 3 years
It's a good thing to be infatuated with the lady next door
Don't take it lightly
The immortal next door
But it's all based on your face
Only supports line of sight
We need one last act tomorrow
Humph
Silent for 3 years
I still can't forget you.
It's been three years and it's still so painful beforehand
It is better to hand over the Lin family to him than to be divided by outsiders
Hey
The Lin family's happy afterward teacher ended up like this
Heaven is innocent
Today is the deadline for Southern Province to give up
Today, I will announce to the world that the world will inherit and pass away
Dear elders
If silence can survive
Even if it is tens of billions of family property, I don't want it
I just want to be silent
But silently die and can't break up
I will open the Lin's shareholders' meeting today
Virgin as you wish